\documentclass[12pt, titlepage]{article}

\usepackage{booktabs}
\usepackage{tabularx}
\usepackage{hyperref}
\hypersetup{
    colorlinks,
    citecolor=blue,
    filecolor=black,
    linkcolor=red,
    urlcolor=blue
}
\usepackage[round]{natbib}
\usepackage{float}

\input{../Comments}
\input{../Common}

\begin{document}

\title{Project Title: System Verification and Validation Plan for \progname{}}
\author{\authname}
\date{\today}

\maketitle

\pagenumbering{roman}

\section{Revision History}

\begin{table}[hp]
	\caption{Revision History} \label{TblRevisionHistory}
	\begin{tabularx}{\textwidth}{llX}
		\toprule
		\textbf{Date}    & \textbf{Developer(s)} & \textbf{Change}                              \\
		\midrule
		October 26, 2022 & Arkin Modi            & Added Software Validation Plan               \\
		October 27, 2022 & Joy Xiao              & Add Testing Team and Design Verification     \\
		October 27, 2022 & Arkin Modi            & Add Automated Testing and Verification Tools \\
		October 28, 2022 & Leon So               & Add Summary                                  \\
		October 28, 2022 & Arkin Modi            & Add System Tests for Quotes                  \\
		October 29, 2022 & Leon So               & Add Objectives                               \\
		October 29, 2022 & Arkin Modi            & Add System Tests for Work Orders             \\
		October 29, 2022 & Joy Xiao              & Add System Tests for Appointments            \\
		October 30, 2022 & Leon So               & Add Operational and Environmental Tests      \\
		October 30, 2022 & Arkin Modi            & Add Implementation Verification Plan         \\
		October 30, 2022 & Leon So               & Add Usability and Humanity Tests             \\
		\bottomrule
	\end{tabularx}
\end{table}

\newpage

\tableofcontents

\listoftables
\wss{Remove this section if it isn't needed}

\listoffigures
\wss{Remove this section if it isn't needed}

\newpage

\section{Symbols, Abbreviations and Acronyms}

\renewcommand{\arraystretch}{1.2}
\begin{tabular}{l l}
	\toprule
	\textbf{symbol} & \textbf{description}                \\
	\midrule
	CI              & Continuous Integration              \\
	SRS             & Software Requirements Specification \\
	PWA             & Progressive Web Application         \\
	\bottomrule
\end{tabular}\\

\newpage

\pagenumbering{arabic}

This document ... \wss{provide an introductory blurb and roadmap of the Verification and Validation
	plan}

\section{General Information}

\subsection{Summary}

Sayyara is a Progressive Web Application (PWA) which acts as a single platform for independent auto
repair shops and vehicle owners. This platform allows independent auto repair shops and vehicle
owners to interact in various ways. Using Sayyara, vehicle owners can search for auto repair shops
and services based on a variety of search filters; request quotes for service; book, view, and
manage service appointments. On the application, auto repair shop owners have full shop management
capabilities such as: adding and managing a list of employees; managing a list of service types and
corresponding service appointment availabilities; managing store information such as location,
hours of operation, and contact information. Auto repair shop owners and employees will be able to
manage quotes, service appointments, and work orders from a single application.

\subsection{Objectives}

The objective of the testing outlined in this document is to demonstrate adequate usability and
ensure that the system is in a functional state for the end users. The testing and validation will
also aid in ensuring that the product fulfills the system requirements, intended use, and goals of
stakeholders.

\subsection{Relevant Documentation}

\wss{Reference relevant documentation.  This will definitely include your SRS
	and your other project documents (design documents, like MG, MIS, etc).  You
	can include these even before they are written, since by the time the project
	is done, they will be written.}

\citet{SRS}

\section{Plan}

\wss{Introduce this section.   You can provide a roadmap of the sections to
	come.}

\subsection{Verification and Validation Team}

The verification and validation team will consist of the core developers (Joy Xiao, Tim Choy, Leon
So, Arkin Modi), as well as the course instructor and TAs.

The developers are responsible for coming up with tests with suitable edge cases to evaluate the
correctness of Sayyara. The developers will all be responsible for writing and executing all test
cases listed in the document and taking note of the results. The developers will ensure that
Sayyara passes all tests after performing the tests and making any necessary updates.

\subsection{SRS Verification Plan}

\wss{List any approaches you intend to use for SRS verification.  This may include
	ad hoc feedback from reviewers, like your classmates, or you may plan for
	something more rigorous/systematic.}

\wss{Maybe create an SRS checklist?}

\subsection{Design Verification Plan}

Design verification will be done by the core developers of the project. The design will also be
reviewed by the TAs of the course. The design of the system will be verified by going through the
requirements from the
\href{https://github.com/arkinmodi/project-sayyara/blob/main/docs/SRS/SRS.pdf}{Software
	Requirements Specification (SRS)} and determining whether the outputs correspond with the expected
inputs. The verification will also be done by going through the
\href{https://github.com/arkinmodi/project-sayyara/blob/main/docs/Design/MG/MG.pdf}{Module Guide
	(MG)} and
\href{https://github.com/arkinmodi/project-sayyara/blob/main/docs/Design/MIS/MIS.pdf}{Module
	Interface Specification (MIS)} checklist and ensure that all the modules are completed and fulfill
the corresponding requirements.

\subsection{Verification and Validation Plan Verification Plan}

\wss{The verification and validation plan is an artifact that should also be verified.}

\wss{The review will include reviews by your classmates}

\wss{Create a checklists?}

\subsection{Implementation Verification Plan}

Automated integration tests will be created to fullfil the system tests defined in section
\ref{System Test Description} and automated unit tests will be created to fullfil the tests defined
in section \ref{Unit Test Description}. Static analysis will be performed through code review by at
least one core team member per pull request and automation tools as stated in \ref{Automated
	Testing and Verification Tools}. A pull request will cover at most one module.

Manual System Tests defined in section \ref{System Test Description} shall take place from January
16, 2023 to January 30, 2023. The areas of responsibility will be divided as described in table
\ref{Manual System Testing Responsibilities}.

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\caption{Manual System Testing Responsibilities}
	\vspace{5pt}
	\begin{tabular}{|p{0.5\textwidth}|p{0.5\textwidth}|}
		\hline
		\textbf{Area of Testing} & \textbf{Team Member Responsible} \\
		\hline
		Authentication           & Leon So                          \\
		\hline
		Appointments             & Joy Xiao                         \\
		\hline
		Quotes                   & Arkin Modi                       \\
		\hline
		Work Orders              & Arkin Modi                       \\
		\hline
		Employee Management      & Leon So                          \\
		\hline
		Services                 & Joy Xiao                         \\
		\hline
		Shop Lookup              & Timothy Choy                     \\
		\hline
		Shop Profile             & Timothy Choy                     \\
		\hline
		Employee Profile         & Timothy Choy                     \\
		\hline
	\end{tabular}

	\label{Manual System Testing Responsibilities}
\end{table}

\subsection{Automated Testing and Verification Tools} \label{Automated Testing and Verification Tools}

All tooling and automations that will be used for testing and verification have been documented in
the
\href{https://github.com/arkinmodi/project-sayyara/blob/main/docs/DevelopmentPlan/DevelopmentPlan.pdf}{Development
	Plan} under the ``Technology'' and ``Code Standard'' sections.

As part of our CI, we will have a pipeline running the automated tests against every commit to the
main branch and every pull request opened against the main branch that contains a source code or
testing code change. There will also be a pipeline running against every pull request asserting
adherence to the documented code style standards. Code coverage reports will be commented directly
to the pull request or the commit to the main branch using a pipeline.

\subsection{Software Validation Plan}

The plan for validating the software and the requirements shall be to conduct review session with
the stakeholders. These review sessions shall focus on the business events and user flows as
defined in the \href{https://github.com/arkinmodi/project-sayyara/blob/main/docs/SRS/SRS.pdf}{SRS}.

\section{System Test Description} \label{System Test Description}

\subsection{Tests for Functional Requirements} \label{Tests for Functional Requirements}

\wss{Subsets of the tests may be in related, so this section is divided into
	different areas.  If there are no identifiable subsets for the tests, this
	level of document structure can be removed.}

\wss{Include a blurb here to explain why the subsections below
	cover the requirements.  References to the SRS would be good here.}

\subsubsection{Appointments}

This section will contains tests covering the ``Appointments'' requirements defined in the
\href{https://github.com/arkinmodi/project-sayyara/blob/main/docs/SRS/SRS.pdf}{SRS}.

\begin{enumerate}

	\item \textbf{FRT-BE4-1}

	      Control: Manual

	      Initial State: Customer account which received a quote from an auto shop

	      Input: Enters service request information and selects an available appointment time slot

	      Output: A new appointment request is created with service details linked to the quote. Shop
	      Owner/Employee Accounts will receive the appointment request

	      Test Case Derivation: The appointment will be requested with the details the user entered

	      How test will be performed: The tester will go through the appointment booking process through the
	      user interface through quotes

	\item \textbf{FRT-BE4-2}

	      Control: Manual

	      Initial State: Customer account selects a canned job at an auto shop

	      Input: Enters service request information and selects an available appointment time slot

	      Output: A new appointment request is created with service details. Shop Owner/Employee Accounts
	      will receive the appointment request

	      Test Case Derivation: The appointment will be requested with the canned job details as well as
	      details the user entered

	      How test will be performed: The tester will go through the appointment booking process through the
	      user interface by selecting a canned job

	\item \textbf{FRT-BE4-3}

	      Control: Manual

	      Initial State: Shop Owner/Employee Account with appointment to be scheduled

	      Input: Enters customer information, service request information and selects an available
	      appointment time slot

	      Output: A new appointment request is created with service details

	      Test Case Derivation: The appointment will be requested with the details the user entered

	      How test will be performed: The tester will go through the appointment booking process through the
	      user interface

	\item \textbf{FRT-BE5-1}

	      Control: Manual

	      Initial State: Customer Account has a service appointment scheduled

	      Input: Selects an appointment to edit and selects a new available time slot for the appointment

	      Output: A new appointment request is made with the new time slot. Shop Owner/Employee Accounts will
	      receive the appointment request

	      Test Case Derivation: The user is able to change their appointment to any of the available time
	      slots displayed

	      How test will be performed: The tester will go through the user interface to edit an appointment
	      booking

	\item \textbf{FRT-BE5-2}

	      Control: Manual

	      Initial State: Shop Owner/Employee Account has a service appointment scheduled

	      Input: Selects an appointment to edit and selects a new available time slot for the appointment

	      Output: The appointment booking is updated to the new time slot

	      Test Case Derivation: The user is able to change their appointment to any of the available time
	      slots displayed

	      How test will be performed: The tester will go through the user interface to edit an appointment
	      booking time slot

	\item \textbf{FRT-BE5-3}

	      Control: Manual

	      Initial State: Shop Owner/Employee Account has a service appointment scheduled

	      Input: Selects an appointment to edit service details

	      Output: The appointment booking is updated with the updated service details

	      Test Case Derivation: The user is able to update the appointment details

	      How test will be performed: The tester will go through the user interface to edit appointment
	      details

	\item \textbf{FRT-BE3-4}

	      Control: Manual

	      Initial State: Shop Owner/Employee Account with appointment requests

	      Input: Accept an appointment request

	      Output: Appointment booking displayed in calendar for Shop Owner/Employee accounts and Customer
	      account

	      Test Case Derivation: The appointment request is accepted and appointment booking is completed

	      How test will be performed: The tester will accept an appointment request through the user
	      interface

	\item \textbf{FRT-BE6-1}

	      Control: Manual

	      Initial State: Customer Account has a service appointment scheduled

	      Input: Selects an appointment to cancel

	      Output: The appointment booking is cancelled and removed from the customer and shop owner/employee
	      schedules

	      Test Case Derivation: The appointment should be removed from the calendar when it is cancelled

	      How test will be performed: The tester will go through the user interface to cancel an appointment

	\item \textbf{FRT-BE6-2}

	      Control: Manual

	      Initial State: Shop Owner/Shop Employee has a service appointment scheduled

	      Input: Selects an appointment to cancel

	      Output: The appointment booking is cancelled and removed from the customer and shop owner/employee
	      schedules

	      Test Case Derivation: The appointment should be removed from the calendar when it is cancelled

	      How test will be performed: The tester will go through the user interface to cancel an appointment

	\item \textbf{FRT-BE7-1}

	      Control: Manual

	      Initial State: Shop Owner selects appointment availability

	      Input: Sets appointment availabilities

	      Output: The appointment availability is updated in the database

	      Test Case Derivation: The appointment availability will be saved and availability time slots to
	      book appointments will be updated

	      How test will be performed: The tester will go through the user interface to set appointment
	      availabilities
\end{enumerate}

\subsubsection{Quotes}

This section will contains tests covering the ``Quotes'' requirements defined in the
\href{https://github.com/arkinmodi/project-sayyara/blob/main/docs/SRS/SRS.pdf}{SRS}.

\begin{enumerate}
	\item \textbf{FRT-BE8-1}

	      Control: Manual

	      Initial State: Customer Account with no quote requests initiated from the account

	      Input: Request past quotes

	      Output: A message saying there are no past quotes

	      Test Case Derivation: There are no past quotes to display

	      How test will be performed: The tester will request for past quotes through the user interface

	\item \textbf{FRT-BE8-2}

	      Control: Manual

	      Initial State: Customer Account with quotes requests which have been closed and were initiated by
	      the account

	      Input: Request past quotes

	      Output: A table with all the quotes

	      Test Case Derivation: There are past quotes to display

	      How test will be performed: The tester will request for past quotes through the user interface

	\item \textbf{FRT-BE8-3}

	      Control: Manual

	      Initial State: Shop Owner/Employee Account with no quotes requests assigned to the shop

	      Input: Request past quotes with quote ID, customer phone number, and/or customer name

	      Output: A message saying there are no past quotes

	      Test Case Derivation: There are no past quotes to display matching the inputted criteria

	      How test will be performed: The tester will request for past quotes through the user interface

	\item \textbf{FRT-BE8-4}

	      Control: Manual

	      Initial State: Shop Owner/Employee Account with closed quotes requests that were assigned to the
	      shop

	      Input: Request past quotes with quote ID, customer phone number, and/or customer name

	      Output: A table with all the quotes

	      Test Case Derivation: There are past quotes to display matching the inputted criteria

	      How test will be performed: The tester will request for past quotes through the user interface

	\item \textbf{FRT-BE9-1}

	      Control: Manual

	      Initial State: Customer Account with quotes requests which have been closed and were initiated by
	      the account

	      Input: Request quote details

	      Output: The quote details

	      Test Case Derivation: Display the quote details requested

	      How test will be performed: The tester will request for quote details through the user interface

	\item \textbf{FRT-BE9-2}

	      Control: Manual

	      Initial State: Shop Owner/Employee Account with closed quotes requests that were assigned to the
	      shop

	      Input: Request quote details

	      Output: The quote details

	      Test Case Derivation: Display the quote details requested

	      How test will be performed: The tester will request for quote details through the user interface

	\item \textbf{FRT-BE10-1}

	      Control: Manual

	      Initial State: Customer Account

	      Input: A filled in quote request form

	      Output: A confirmation messaging indicating that the quote was requested

	      Test Case Derivation: The system shall verify that the quote was created successfully

	      How test will be performed: The tester will create a quote through the user interface

	\item \textbf{FRT-BE10-2}

	      Control: Manual

	      Initial State: Shop Owner/Employee Account with a registered shop

	      Input: A quote is requested from the shop

	      Output: A notification for the open quote request

	      Test Case Derivation: The system shall notify that a quote was created

	      How test will be performed: The tester will create a quote through the user interface

	\item \textbf{FRT-BE11-1}

	      Control: Manual

	      Initial State: Customer Account with a created quote

	      Input: Request to delete quote with the quote's ID

	      Output: A quote deleted confirmation message

	      Test Case Derivation: The system shall delete the quote upon request

	      How test will be performed: The tester will delete a quote through the user interface

	\item \textbf{FRT-BE12-1}

	      Control: Manual

	      Initial State: Customer Account with a created quote

	      Input: Request to update quote with the quote's new details

	      Output: A quote updated confirmation message

	      Test Case Derivation: The system shall update the quote upon request

	      How test will be performed: The tester will update a quote through the user interface

	\item \textbf{FRT-BE12-2}

	      Control: Manual

	      Initial State: Shop Owner/Employee Account with a registered shop and an active quote

	      Input: A quote's details are updated

	      Output: A notification for the updated quote

	      Test Case Derivation: The system shall notify that a quote was updated

	      How test will be performed: The tester will update a quote through the user interface

	\item \textbf{FRT-BE13-1}

	      Control: Manual

	      Initial State: Customer Account with a created quote

	      Input: A request to create a new quote using details from another quote which is identified by
	      quote ID

	      Output: A confirmation messaging indicating that the quote was requested

	      Test Case Derivation: The system shall verify that the quote was created successfully with an
	      existing quote's details

	      How test will be performed: The tester will create a quote through the user interface

	\item \textbf{FRT-BE14-1}

	      Control: Manual

	      Initial State: Customer Account with a created quote

	      Input: A response to a quote

	      Output: A notification for the responded to quote

	      Test Case Derivation: The system shall notify that a quote was responded to

	      How test will be performed: The tester will create a response to a quote through the user interface

	\item \textbf{FRT-BE14-2}

	      Control: Manual

	      Initial State: Shop Owner/Employee Account with a registered shop and an active quote

	      Input: A response to a quote

	      Output: A quote responded confirmation message

	      Test Case Derivation: The system shall verify that the quote was responded to successfully

	      How test will be performed: The tester will create a response to a quote through the user interface

	\item \textbf{FRT-BE15-1}

	      Control: Manual

	      Initial State: Customer Account with a responded to quote

	      Input: Accept a responded to quote

	      Output: The system shall request the user to create an appointment with the shop that responded

	      Test Case Derivation: The system shall have the user create an appointment upon accepting a quote

	      How test will be performed: The tester will accept a quote through the user interface

	\item \textbf{FRT-BE16-1}

	      Control: Manual

	      Initial State: Customer Account with a created quote

	      Input: A message to request additional information

	      Output: A message sent confirmation

	      Test Case Derivation: The system shall confirm to the user that the message was sent

	      How test will be performed: The tester will send a message for additional information through the
	      user interface

	\item \textbf{FRT-BE16-2}

	      Control: Manual

	      Initial State: Shop Owner/Employee Account with a registered shop and an active quote

	      Input: A message to request additional information

	      Output: A message sent confirmation

	      Test Case Derivation: The system shall confirm to the user that the message was sent

	      How test will be performed: The tester will send a message for additional information through the
	      user interface
\end{enumerate}

\subsubsection{Work Orders}

This section will contains tests covering the ``Work Orders'' requirements defined in the
\href{https://github.com/arkinmodi/project-sayyara/blob/main/docs/SRS/SRS.pdf}{SRS}.

\begin{enumerate}

	\item \textbf{FRT-BE17-1}

	      Control: Manual

	      Initial State: Shop Owner/Employee Account with a registered shop and a quote

	      Input: A new appointment created at the shop from the quote

	      Output: A new work order is created with details from the quote

	      Test Case Derivation: The system shall automatically create a work order for new appointment with
	      information from the quote

	      How test will be performed: The tester will create an appointment through the user interface

	\item \textbf{FRT-BE17-2}

	      Control: Manual

	      Initial State: Shop Owner/Employee Account with a registered shop

	      Input: A new appointment created at the shop

	      Output: A new work order is created

	      Test Case Derivation: The system shall automatically create a work order for new appointment

	      How test will be performed: The tester will create an appointment through the user interface

	\item \textbf{FRT-BE18-1}

	      Control: Manual

	      Initial State: Shop Owner/Employee Account with a registered shop, an upcoming appointment, and a
	      work order associated to the appointment

	      Input: Appointment is deleted

	      Output: Appointment and Work Order deleted confirmation message

	      Test Case Derivation: The system shall delete appointment and the associated work order upon
	      request

	      How test will be performed: The tester will delete an appointment through the user interface

	\item \textbf{FRT-BE19-1}

	      Control: Manual

	      Initial State: Shop Owner/Employee Account with a registered shop, an upcoming appointment, and a
	      work order associated to the appointment

	      Input: Work Order is searched by the customer name, assigned employee, service type, and/or a date
	      range

	      Output: The work orders matching the inputted criteria in a table format

	      Test Case Derivation: The system shall display work order upon request

	      How test will be performed: The tester will search for a work order through the user interface

	\item \textbf{FRT-BE20-1}

	      Control: Manual

	      Initial State: Shop Owner/Employee Account with a registered shop, an upcoming appointment, and a
	      work order associated to the appointment

	      Input: Request to view past work orders

	      Output: Past work orders in a table format

	      Test Case Derivation: The system shall display work order upon request

	      How test will be performed: The tester will search for past work orders through the user interface

	\item \textbf{FRT-BE21-1}

	      Control: Manual

	      Initial State: Shop Owner/Employee Account with a registered shop, an upcoming appointment, and a
	      work order associated to the appointment

	      Input: Request to update a work order with new details

	      Output: A work order updated confirmation message

	      Test Case Derivation: The system shall update work order upon request

	      How test will be performed: The tester will update a work order through the user interface

	\item \textbf{FRT-BE22-1}

	      Control: Manual

	      Initial State: Shop Owner/Employee Account with a registered shop, an appointment, and a work order
	      associated to the appointment

	      Input: A customer has paid for their appointment

	      Output: The work order is emailed to the customer, and the appointment and work order are marked as
	      ``completed''

	      Test Case Derivation: The system shall mark work orders and appointments as completed when the
	      customer has paid for the word done

	      How test will be performed: The tester will mark a work order as completed through the user
	      interface

	\item \textbf{FRT-BE23-1}

	      Control: Manual

	      Initial State: Shop Owner/Employee Account with a registered shop, an appointment, and a work order
	      associated to the appointment

	      Input: Request work order details

	      Output: The work order details

	      Test Case Derivation: The system shall display work orders details upon request

	      How test will be performed: The tester will view a work order's details through the user interface

\end{enumerate}

\subsection{Tests for Nonfunctional Requirements}

\wss{The nonfunctional requirements for accuracy will likely just reference the
	appropriate functional tests from above.  The test cases should mention
	reporting the relative error for these tests.  Not all projects will
	necessarily have nonfunctional requirements related to accuracy}

\wss{Tests related to usability could include conducting a usability test and
	survey.  The survey will be in the Appendix.}

\wss{Static tests, review, inspections, and walkthroughs, will not follow the
	format for the tests given below.}

\subsubsection{Area of Testing1}

\paragraph{Title for Test}

\begin{enumerate}

	\item{test-id1\\}

	Type: Functional, Dynamic, Manual, Static etc.

	Initial State:

	Input/Condition:

	Output/Result:

	How test will be performed:

	\item{test-id2\\}

	Type: Functional, Dynamic, Manual, Static etc.

	Initial State:

	Input:

	Output:

	How test will be performed:

\end{enumerate}

\subsubsection{Area of Testing2}

...

\subsection{Traceability Between Test Cases and Requirements}

\wss{Provide a table that shows which test cases are supporting which
	requirements.}

\section{Unit Test Description} \label{Unit Test Description}

\wss{Reference your MIS (detailed design document) and explain your overall
	philosophy for test case selection.}
\wss{This section should not be filled in until after the MIS (detailed design
	document) has been completed.}

\subsection{Unit Testing Scope}

\wss{What modules are outside of the scope.  If there are modules that are
	developed by someone else, then you would say here if you aren't planning on
	verifying them.  There may also be modules that are part of your software, but
	have a lower priority for verification than others.  If this is the case,
	explain your rationale for the ranking of module importance.}

\subsection{Tests for Functional Requirements}

\wss{Most of the verification will be through automated unit testing.  If
	appropriate specific modules can be verified by a non-testing based
	technique.  That can also be documented in this section.}

\subsubsection{Module 1}

\wss{Include a blurb here to explain why the subsections below cover the module.
	References to the MIS would be good.  You will want tests from a black box
	perspective and from a white box perspective.  Explain to the reader how the
	tests were selected.}

\begin{enumerate}

	\item{test-id1\\}

	Type: \wss{Functional, Dynamic, Manual, Automatic, Static etc. Most will be automatic}

	Initial State:

	Input:

	Output: \wss{The expected result for the given inputs}

	Test Case Derivation: \wss{Justify the expected value given in the Output field}

	How test will be performed:

	\item{test-id2\\}

	Type: \wss{Functional, Dynamic, Manual, Automatic, Static etc. Most will be automatic}

	Initial State:

	Input:

	Output: \wss{The expected result for the given inputs}

	Test Case Derivation: \wss{Justify the expected value given in the Output field}

	How test will be performed:

	\item{...\\}

\end{enumerate}

\subsubsection{Module 2}

...

\subsection{Tests for Nonfunctional Requirements}

\wss{If there is a module that needs to be independently assessed for
	performance, those test cases can go here.  In some projects, planning for
	nonfunctional tests of units will not be that relevant.}

\wss{These tests may involve collecting performance data from previously
	mentioned functional tests.}

\subsubsection{Module ?}

\begin{enumerate}

	\item{test-id1\\}

	Type: \wss{Functional, Dynamic, Manual, Automatic, Static etc. Most will be automatic}

	Initial State:

	Input/Condition:

	Output/Result:

	How test will be performed:

	\item{test-id2\\}

	Type: Functional, Dynamic, Manual, Static etc.

	Initial State:

	Input:

	Output:

	How test will be performed:

\end{enumerate}

\subsubsection{Usability and Humanity Requirements}
\begin{enumerate}

	\item \textbf{NFRT-UH1} % For UH1

	      Type: Dynamic, Manual

	      How test will be performed: The testers will complete the manual system tests for functional
	      requirements listed section \ref{Tests for Functional Requirements} on a MacOS desktop/laptop
	      device, a Windows desktop/laptop, an iOS mobile device, and an android mobile device.

	\item \textbf{NFRT-UH2} % For UH2

	      Type: Dynamic, Manual

	      Initial State: Device is connected to the internet and application is not open

	      Input/Condition: The user launches the application on Google Chrome

	      Output/Result: The system can be assessed through Google Chrome

	      How test will be performed: The tester will attempt to launch the application on the Google Chrome
	      web browser and using a device that is connected to the internet.

	\item \textbf{NFRT-UH3} % For UH3

	      Type: Dynamic, Manual

	      Initial State: Device is connected to the internet and the application is open

	      Input/Condition: User disconnects from the internet

	      Output/Result: The system notifies the user that there is no network connection and functionality
	      will be limited.

	      How test will be performed: The tester disconnect from the internet while the application is open.

\end{enumerate}

\subsubsection{Operational and Environmental Requirements}
\begin{enumerate}

	\item \textbf{NFRT-OE1} % For OE1

	      Type: Dynamic, Manual

	      How test will be performed: The testers will complete the manual system tests for functional
	      requirements listed section \ref{Tests for Functional Requirements} on Google Chrome using various
	      device dimension options listed the Google DevTools Device Toolbar. At minimum, the testers will
	      test with the following dimensions: Responsive, iPhone 12 Pro (390x844), iPhone SE (375x667), and
	      iPad Air (820x1180). This set will provide a reasonable variety of different device dimensions.

\end{enumerate}

\subsection{Traceability Between Test Cases and Modules}

\wss{Provide evidence that all of the modules have been considered.}

\bibliographystyle{plainnat}

\bibliography{../../refs/References}

\newpage

\section{Appendix}

This is where you can place additional information.

\subsection{Symbolic Parameters}

The definition of the test cases will call for SYMBOLIC\_CONSTANTS. Their values are defined in
this section for easy maintenance.

\subsection{Usability Survey Questions?}

\wss{This is a section that would be appropriate for some projects.}

\newpage{}
\section*{Appendix --- Reflection}

The information in this section will be used to evaluate the team members on the graduate attribute
of Lifelong Learning. Please answer the following questions:

\begin{enumerate}
	\item What knowledge and skills will the team collectively need to acquire to successfully complete the
	      verification and validation of your project? Examples of possible knowledge and skills include
	      dynamic testing knowledge, static testing knowledge, specific tool usage etc. You should look to
	      identify at least one item for each team member.
	\item For each of the knowledge areas and skills identified in the previous question, what are at least
	      two approaches to acquiring the knowledge or mastering the skill? Of the identified approaches,
	      which will each team member pursue, and why did they make this choice?
\end{enumerate}

\end{document}
